Let's look into the basics of Junits,
and we will learn the basics of Junits using practical examples.
Let's start with cloning the starter code.
I'm going to provide the link to the Git repo below the video so that you can clone
the repository and have access to the starter code on which we will write the Junits.
The second step would be importing it to IntelliJ.
If you already know how to import a project or an existing Maven project into IntelliJ,
please feel free to import the project as an existing Maven application,
or it's going to be available online,
or in under Read me as well for you to
understand how to import an application in IntelliJ.
Now, for the sake of convenience,
I have already cloned the repo on my local.
Here, I am going to start with looking at the project structure.
So as you see,
I have included the Junit dependency.
If you understand how Maven dependencies are added,
you would know where to find it.
The second thing that I've added over here,
because it's IntelliJ, is a Maven Compiler plug in.
Our source is 1.8 Java,
and so it's a target.
I'm going to show a few applications that I've written for this,
a few examples that I've written here.
So here's my test class or the class that I am going to test,
and there are some very basic functions that I have
written over here using Java 8 that we will be testing.
It's just some number functions.
So if you click Test1Example,
you'll see how or what I intend to do with this application,
like we have employee names.
There are some examples here with a few strings that are empty,
there is an employee level,
and there is some years of experience.
Here, I get the count of the employee names, and how I get it,
is by using this helper method called getCount,
which accepts a string of names,
and then, it's streams it,
filters out the empty ones, and finds the count.
Because Sareeta, nothing, John,
nothing, should count as two and not four.
What I'd like you to do is get yourself
familiarized with the methods that I have written over here.
These are some very basic methods that I'd written.
For example, let's look into getSquaredList.
It's takes a list of integers.
So for example, here is the years of experience,
which is 13, 4,
15, and all of these,
it takes all those years of experience, streams it,
and maps it and then what it does is that it finds the square of that value,
and then it puts it into another list.
So as you must have guessed,
the number of years of experience are going to be squared if you
call this getSquaredList method on this data set.
There is also a merged list,
there's a filtered list,
and this basically just removes all the empty strings out of the employee names.
For example, if this is our input,
this method is going to remove all of the empty strings out of it.
So a good use of time right now would be going over all these methods
and getting yourself a little more familiarized with it
so you know what tests you're going to write on them,
or you can actually think about what are the types of tests you will write.
Now, one of the basic things that everybody struggles with is what tests to write.
A good idea will be to write
tests as many tests as he possibly can provided you have time,
and the industry standard right now would be
anything over 80 percent test coverage is good.
Or actually it's something that we should all follow.
So that's it for getting yourself familiarized with the startup code.